Deprecate `durability_policy` flag in vtctld (#12930)
vitessio/vitess: changelog/17.0/17.0.0/summary.md

This behavior was deprecated in v15.0.0 and has been removed.
`schema_change_check_interval` now **only** accepts Go duration values.

> The flag `durability_policy` is no longer used by vtctld. Instead it reads the durability policy from the keyspace information for all the keyspaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flag `durability_policy` is no longer used by vtctld. Instead it reads the durability policies for all keyspaces from the topology server.
```
